[New docs] Configure the resource plural name (#689)
Sylius/SyliusResourceBundle: docs/configure_your_resource.md

## Advanced configuration

### Configure the resource name

It defines the resource name.

```php
namespace App\Entity;

use Sylius\Component\Resource\Metadata\Resource;
use Sylius\Component\Resource\Model\ResourceInterface;

#[Resource(name: 'cart')]
class Order implements ResourceInterface
{
}

```

On your Twig templates, the `order` variable will be replaced by the `cart` one.

As an example, on a `show` operation these Twig variables wille be available:

| Name      | Type                                    |
|-----------|-----------------------------------------|
| resource  | App\Entity\Order                        |
| cart      | App\Entity\Order                        |
| operation | Sylius\Component\Resource\Metadata\Show |
| app       | Symfony\Bridge\Twig\AppVariable         |

### Configure the resource plural name

It defines the resource plural name.

```php
namespace App\Entity;

use Sylius\Component\Resource\Metadata\Resource;
use Sylius\Component\Resource\Model\ResourceInterface;

#[Resource(pluralName: 'library')]
class Book implements ResourceInterface
{
}

```

On your Twig templates, the `books` variable will be replaced by the `library` one.

> As an example, on a `index` operation these Twig variables wille be available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, on an `index` operation these Twig variables will be available:
```
